Print
Sweet Corn Gnocchi Skillet Recipe
Prep time: 15 minutesCook time: 20 minutesYield: 4 servings
INGREDIENTS
1 pound gnocchi
2 tablespoons olive oil
Kernels from 3 ears sweet corn, or about 3 cups corn kernels
1 small sweet onion, diced
3 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 cup heavy cream (optional)
1/2 teaspoon salt
Ground black pepper
8 ounces small mozzarella balls (also called pearls or ciliegine)
Fresh basil, minced
METHODHIDE PHOTOS
1 Cook the gnocchi: Bring a pot of salted water to boil. Add gnocchi and cook until they float, about 4-5 minutes. Remove gnocchi and reserve 1/2 cup of the cooking water for the skillet.
2 Cook the corn kernels: Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat, then add the olive oil. When the oil is shimmering, add the corn kernels. Let kernels cook in the skillet for 4-5 minutes until they are brown and blistered. Don’t stir them too much. Let them sit so they get some color.
3 Add onions and garlic: Once the corn has blistered, add the sweet onions and garlic. Cook for a few minutes until the onions have softened and are translucent.
4 Make the skillet sauce: Once the onions are soft, add the cooked gnocchi to the skillet and toss everything together. Turn the heat down to low and add 1/2 cup of the reserved gnocchi water, or 1/2 cup cream. Stir to combine ingredients, then let simmer until the sauce has thickened slightly. Taste and season with salt and pepper.
5 Finish the dish: Right before serving, add the mozzarella balls to the skillet and garnish with fresh basil.
Leftovers will keep well in the fridge for a few days. Reheat it in a skillet over low heat with a little water. If you freeze the dish, make sure to thaw and reheat it gently. A microwave will ruin the sauce and the gnocchi texture.
Hello! All photos and content are copyright protected. Please do not use our photos without prior written permission. Thank you!
Print
Print
Skillet Peach Crisp with Ginger and Pecans Recipe
Prep time: 10 minutesCook time: 35 minutesYield: 8 to 10 servings
You can make your own oat flour by pulverizing rolled oats in a food processor, but most supermarkets carry oat flour as well. One of my favorite brands is Bob’s Red Mill.
Recipe Tester Suggestion: Add an extra peach or two if you have them and want more juicy peaches in your crisp!
INGREDIENTS
For the crisp topping:
1/2 cup (66 grams) oat flour (See recipe note)
1/2 cup (78 grams) all-purpose flour
1/3 cup old-fashioned rolled oats
1/4 cup light brown sugar
1/2 teaspoon fine sea salt or table salt
3/4 cups pecans, roughly chopped
1/2 cup unsalted butter cut into small pieces, well chilled
For the peaches:
2 pounds peaches, sliced 1/2-inch thick (about 6 medium, or 6 cups sliced)
1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
1/3 cup crystallized candied ginger, diced small
1/4 cup granulated sugar
2 tablespoons lemon juice (about 1/2 lemon)
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, for the pan
METHODHIDE PHOTOS
1 Preheat oven to 350°F.
2 Make the crisp topping: In a small bowl, combine the two flours with a fork—sometimes oat flour clumps together more than all-purpose. Add the rolled oats, brown sugar, and sea salt. Add the pecans and stir to combine.
Finally, rub the butter until topping is buttery and crumbly. It should clump together easily between your fingers.
3 Prepare the peaches: In a medium bowl, combine the sliced peaches, ground ginger, crystalized ginger, and sugar, along with the lemon juice. Stir together gently with a spatula.
4 Prepare the pan: Put the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter into the cast iron pan and place into the oven for about 5 minutes, just until the butter melts.
5 Assemble the crisp: Remove the pan from the oven and add the peach-ginger combination, spreading it out evenly. Add little dabs of the crisp topping as evenly as you can across the top of the peaches.
  6 Bake the crisp: Bake in the oven for 30 to 35 minutes, or until the filling is bubbling and the top is golden brown.
7 Cool and serve: This is going to be hard, but you need to wait at least an hour before you scoop into this. Otherwise the juices will run everywhere, and you may burn your mouth.
Once it’s made, this keeps best covered, in the refrigerator, for 3 to 4 days. Simply reheat it in a low oven for about 10 minutes.
Hello! All photos and content are copyright protected. Please do not use our photos without prior written permission. Thank you!
Print
Print
Shrimp Fried Rice Recipe
Prep time: 15 minutesCook time: 15 minutesYield: Serves 4
Make sure to use leftover, day old rice when making fried rice. Freshly made rice will make a fried rice that's mushy.
INGREDIENTS
8 ounces small raw shrimp, shelled and deveined
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
freshly ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon cornstarch
3 tablespoons peanut oil, canola oil, or rice bran oil
3 eggs, beaten
2 stalks green onion, minced
4 cups leftover rice, grains separated well
3/4 cup frozen peas and carrots, defrosted
1 tablespoon soy sauce (use gluten-free soy sauce if you are making a gluten-free version), plus more to taste
1 teaspoon dark toasted sesame oil
METHODHIDE PHOTOS
1 Toss shrimp with salt, pepper, cornstarch: In a medium bowl, sprinkle the shrimp with salt, pepper, and cornstarch, and toss to coat. Set aside to sit for ten minutes at room temperature.
2 Heat pan on high heat: Heat a large sauté pan or wok (a seasoned cast iron pan or hard anodized aluminum works well, they're relatively stick free and can take the heat) on high heat.
When the pan is very hot (a drop of water instantly sizzles when it hits the pan), swirl in one tablespoon of the cooking oil to coat the pan.
3 Sear shrimp on both sides: Add the shrimp to the hot pan, spreading them out quickly in a single layer. Let them fry in the pan without moving them, for 30 seconds.
Flip the shrimp over and let them fry on the other side for another 30 seconds or until they are mostly cooked through. (Do not cook them all the way!)
Use a slotted spoon to scoop the shrimp out of the pan to a bowl.
4 Cook beaten eggs, slightly runny: Return the pan to the burner and lower the heat to medium. Add a little more oil if the pan needs it. Add the beaten eggs and stir them quickly to scramble them while they cook.
When the eggs are not quite cooked through, still a bit runny, transfer them from the pan to the bowl with the cooked shrimp.
5 Sauté green onions, add rice: Clean out the pan or wok with paper towels and return it to the burner. Heat the pan on high and when it is hot, swirl in the remaining tablespoon or two of oil. When the oil is shimmering hot (almost smoking), add the green onions and sauté for 15 seconds.
Then add the leftover cooked rice to the pan and stir with the green onions to mix well.
Spread the rice onion mixture over the surface of the pan and let it fry, without moving it. You should hear the rice sizzle. Cook for about 1 to 2 minutes.
Use a spatula to turn over the rice, and spread it over the pan again. Let cook for a minute longer.
6 Add soy sauce, carrots, peas, shrimp, eggs, sesame oil: Sprinkle soy sauce on the rice and stir to combine.
Add the carrots, peas, shrimp, eggs, and sesame oil, stirring to combine well.
Heat everything until sizzling hot. Add more soy sauce to taste.
Hello! All photos and content are copyright protected. Please do not use our photos without prior written permission. Thank you!
Print
